Add Neopad macropad (#12614)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/neopad/readme.md

# Neopad

Neopad is a little macro pad with four switches and two rotary encoders, made by through hole components only.
_Actually the number of switches is six, because even the encoder are allowed to click._

![Neopad](https://i.imgur.com/TgOkj2F.jpg "Neopad first proto")

The Neopad in the photo above is the first prototype. See the project repository for revision 1 update and KiCad files.

* Keyboard maintainer: [rookiebwoy](https://github.com/rookiebwoy)
* Hardware supported: ProMicro, _Elite-C (not tested)_
* Project repository: [Neopad on github](https://github.com/rookiebwoy/neopad)

> Make example for Neopad (after setting up your build environment):

Reviewer: Please add instructions on how to enter the bootloader to flash new firmware onto the board.

Author: Added info to enter booloader.

# Neopad

Neopad is a little macro pad with four switches and two rotary encoders, made by through hole components only.
_Actually the number of switches is six, because even the encoder are allowed to click._

> ![Neopad](https://i.imgur.com/TgOkj2F.jpg "Neopad first proto")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Neopad](https://i.imgur.com/TgOkj2Fh.jpg "Neopad first proto")
```

Author: Hi, I think my URL is correct. I don't see why I should change it LOL

Reviewer 2: It is correct, the `h` suffix just makes it a bit smaller: https://api.imgur.com/models/image#thumbs

Author: I see, thank you for explain this to me.
Updated

The Neopad in the photo above is the first prototype. See the project repository for revision 1 update and KiCad files.

* Keyboard maintainer: [rookiebwoy](https://github.com/rookiebwoy)
* Hardware supported: ProMicro, _Elite-C (not tested)_
* Project repository: [Neopad on github](https://github.com/rookiebwoy/neopad)

> Make example for Neopad (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make neopad/rev1:default
> 
> Install examples:
> 
>     make neopad/rev1:default:avrdude

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make neopad/rev1:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make neopad/rev1:default:flash
```

Author: Ok for the grammar changes.
Not really sure about changing :avrdude to :flash because even in the [official documentation](https://beta.docs.qmk.fm/using-qmk/guides/flashing/flashing) under "Caterina" subsection they suggest to use :avrdude for Arduino clones. Can I keep it?

Reviewer 2: `:flash` takes into account the `BOOTLOADER` set in rules.mk and runs the appropriate command. It's much easier than remembering or trying to find which bootloader a board uses. For this reason it is part of the [readme template](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/blob/master/quantum/template/avr/readme.md).

Author: Ok, tested and it works. Thank you for teach me all this things :)
